Tell me about a situation where you were assigned a critical task. Why was it critical, and how did you solve the challenges faced?
Describe a time when you had to do a task from complete scratch. What approach did you take, and how did you accomplish it?
How do you handle deadlines? Have you ever missed one? If so, how did you manage the situation?
Tell me about a time when you went above and beyond to meet the needs of a customer?
Tell me about a time when you took ownership of a project or task and saw it through to completion despite challenges.
What do you think is need to be an SDE1 at Amazon?
Tell me hardest problem you have solved.
Tell me about a time when you recieved a critical feedback and how did you handle it.
Tell me about a time when you took a deep dive and how it helped you.
Have you ever fix any critical issue?
How you measure your success?
Have you done any inovative work?
Tell us about a time when you had to persuade your manager to change the course of action based on credible insights.
"Tell me about a time you took a calculated risk. What was the situation, and what was the outcome?"
"Describe a situation where you failed. How did you handle it, and what did you learn?"
Tell me about a time when you had to implement something challenging.
Tell me about a time when you had recieved critical feedback and how worked upon it.
Tell me about a time when you had to deep dive into subject matter.
Tell me about a time when you didn't know how to proceed, how did you figure out, and how did you consider the options.
Tell me about a time when you improved upon your shortcomings.
Tell me about a time when you missed a deadline, what could you have done better...
It was something like how did you know you were implementing the right solution, what you could've done better?
What’s the project you’re most proud of?
What’s the most complicated project you’ve worked on?
Tell me about a time you went above and beyond expectations.
When did you have to make an important decision quickly?
Tell me about the toughest decision you had to make in the past 6 months?
Tell me about a time you took a calculated risk. What was the outcome?
Tell me about an out-of-the-box idea you had or decision you made that had a big impact on the business.
When did you have to learn something new to do your job?
Tell me about a time you coached someone. What happened?
When were you able to remove a serious roadblock preventing your team from making progress.
Have you ever worked on a project that changed significantly while it was in progress?
Tell me about a difficult problem you had to solve. How did you analyze it?
When did you have to deal with a difficult stakeholder?
When did you run into a challenge on a project and how did you get past it?
When did you have a disagreement with a colleague?
When did you make a mistake?
Tell me about a goal you failed to achieve.
When did you miss a deadline?
Tell me about a time you had an unhappy customer. What was the problem? What did you do to address it? What was their reaction?
When did you get some negative feedback?
